[docs] Code samples for accessors with subclassing && tidy up doc (#489)
Polymer/lit-element: docs/_guide/properties.md

this.myProp = 'hi'; // Invokes custom accessor
```

> If your class defines custom property accessors for a declared property directly on its prototype (i.e., not inherited from a superclass), LitElement will not overwrite them with generated accessors. 

Reviewer: Not sure "custom" is meaningful here. They're just standard JS accessors.

```suggestion
If your class defines its own accessors for a property, LitElement will not overwrite them with generated accessors. If your class does not define accessors for a property, LitElement will generate them, even if a superclass has defined the property or accessors.```

> A custom setter must manually request an update, supplying the property name and its old value to the update lifecycle by calling `requestUpdate`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The setters that LitElement generates automatically call `requestUpdate`. If you write your own setter you must call `requestUpdate` manually, supplying the property name and its old value.
```
